{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FizzBuzz Documentation:\
\
Program Objective:\
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 	Write a short program that prints each number from 1 to 100 on a new line. For each multiple of 3, print "Fizz" instead of the number. For each multiple of 5, print "Buzz" instead of the number. For numbers which are multiples of both 3 and 5, print "FizzBuzz" instead of the number.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Pseudo Pseudo-Code:\
	Using a for loop that iterates from 0 to 100, we can easily print 0-100. Inside the loop, we can write 4 switch statements. The first will test if the number is divisible by 3, if it is, print fizz. The second will get if the number is divisible by 5, if it is, print buzz. The third will test if the number is divisible by 5 and 3 using an AND operator. Lastly, we will have a default case that will print the integer if none of the conditions are met. \
\
Version 1:\
	Brute force method using if, if-else, and else statements. If a condition is met, print out to the console the correct integer or phrase. Easy to write up bu difficult to modify.\
\
Version 2:\
	Uses a string called output to store all the integers and phrases, and prints to the console all at once at the end of the program. Much easier to modify and slightly more elegant. Concept was built off of Tom Scotts Youtube video found here, and is the inspiration for this quick and easy project. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPZ0pIK_wsc\
\
Version 1 of the program can be found in main.cpp, but is commented out. Simply comment out Version 2 and uncomment version 1 to see both in action. }